website/integrations: nextcloud: add warning about admin lockout (#13782)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/services/nextcloud/index.mdx

      To avoid a hashed Federated Cloud ID, deselect **Use unique user ID** and use `user_id` for the User ID mapping.
      :::

      :::danger

>       If the custom profile scope is used and Administators should be able to login, deselected **Use unique user ID**. Else it removes Administrator users from the internal admin group and replace it with hashed group ID also called admin, but without actual admin access rights!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If you are using a custom profile scope and want administrators to be able to log in, ensure that **Use unique user ID** is deselected. Otherwise, this setting will remove Administrator users from the internal admin group and replace them with a hashed group ID named "admin," which lacks actual admin access rights.
```

Author: @dominic-r lgtm thanks for the quick respond!

Author: Just one thing :) 
can you change "admin," to "admin",

Reviewer: oops. Thanks
